Added tuples example (#28)
lambdaclass/cairo-by-example: content/examples/tuples.md

---
title: "tuples"
date: 2023-06-21
draft: false
---

> A `tuple` in cairo allow us to group multiple values with a variety of types into a single element with a fixed lenght that can't be changed after its declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `tuple` in Cairo allows us to group multiple values with a variety of types into a single element with a fixed length that can't be changed after its declaration.
```
